Add documentation for southbound providers (#170)
eclipse/org.eclipse.sensinact.gateway: prototype/docs/southbound/device-factory/json.md

# JSON parser for the device factory

Eclipse sensiNact provides a JSON parser for its device factory.
It uses the parser ID `json`.

## Bundles

The JSON parser bundle is: `org.eclipse.sensinact.gateway.southbound.device-factory:parser-json:0.0.2`.

It requires the following bundles to be resolved:
* the device factory core
* the Jackson JSON data bind library:
  * `com.fasterxml.jackson.core:jackson-annotations:2.14.0`
  * `com.fasterxml.jackson.core:jackson-core:2.14.0`
  * `com.fasterxml.jackson.core:jackson-databind:2.14.0`

## Parser paths

> The JSON parser accepts key names for objects and integers for arrays.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The JSON data can be mapped using key names for fields in objects and integer indexes for arrays.
```

They can be combined as a path string.

The parsed value keep their JSON type: strings numbers and booleans can be stored as is in the resource.

For example, considering the following JSON payload:
```json
{
    "name": "Some name",
    "properties": [
        {
            "name": "reserved",
            "value": null
        },
        {
            "name": "serial",
            "value": 42
        }
    ]
}
```

The accepted paths would be:
* `name`: `"Some name"`
* `properties/1/name`: `"serial"`
* `properties/1/value`: `42`

## Parser configuration

The JSON parser has the ID `json`.
It accepts the following options:
* `encoding`: the payload encoding, as supported by [`java.nio.charset.Charset`](https://docs.oracle.com/en/java/javase/11/docs/api/java.base/java/nio/charset/Charset.html), *e.g.* `"UTF-8"`, `"latin-1"`.
**Note:** The UTF-8 Byte-Order-Mark (BOM) is ignored if found.
* `base`: the payload base to consider for the mapping, as described below.

### Payload base

A JSON payload can be complex and can describe multiple providers at once or can have the provider description deep inside its hierarchy.

> Defining a payload base allows to handle those cases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Defining a payload base allows to handle those cases by selecting a sub-path in the JSON payload to use as the JSON to be parsed. Other parts of the JSON payload outside the base will be ignored.
```

The base is defined with a parser path that can walk through object entries or specific array indices. The JSON parser doesn't support walking through all entries of an array.

If the base targets an array, the mapping will be applied for each item individually.

In the first example, we'll consider the following payload, containing an array of arrays of objects:
```json
[
  [
    {
      "Date": "20.10.2021",
      "Time": "18:14",
      "Name": "JsonSubArray1",
      "Latitude": 1.2,
      "Longitude": 3.4,
      "Value": 94
    },
    {
      "Date": "20.10.2021",
      "Time": "18:17",
      "Name": "JsonSubArray2",
      "Latitude": 5.6,
      "Longitude": 7.8,
      "Value": 28
    }
  ],
  [
    {
      "Date": "01.01.1970",
      "Time": "00:01",
      "Name": "JsonSubArray-Ignore",
      "Latitude": 9.1,
      "Longitude": 2.3,
      "Value": 12345
    }
  ]
]
```

> Here we define the `base` to be `0`, *i.e.* to work as if the payload was the first array of the 2 arrays contained in the root array:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here we define the `base` to be `0`. This navigates to the first entry in the array at the root of the payload, and ignores all other entries in the array, *i.e.* it works as if the payload was the first array of the 2 arrays contained in the root array:
```
